I don't get enough water to my chances
enemy SC
air bag enemy UAV spotted
friendly predator missile inbound oh my
gosh
freakin barrels why do you have to blow
up in the beginning of a match barrels
got me twice as match guys this is from
my livestream I stream for a couple
hours yesterday and I was playing with
some subscribers also had scrub killin
lobby with me and basically the whole
thing that that I was doing was I was
telling you I'm not using any of my best
classes I'm not using not the super
strong guns you know no mp7 no ACR no
scar-l because you guys do know how I
love my scar-l so I decided I'm not
gonna use my best stuff I'm just gonna
use random assault rifles I'd also
didn't use any submachine guns it was
very rare that would put on a submachine
gun because to me playing with a full
team playing with subscribers it's too
easy for me to flank behind the enemy
team and start going ham on the on the
enemies so I would put on an assault
rifle which forces me into a slower pace
more defensive role and especially when
you're using a class like this I mean I
got ak-47s ounce or an extended mag
which is pretty good and then I also got
the m16 red dot rapid fire so I don't
even have a suppressor on this red dot
rapid fire m16 is probably the best m16
setup that you can put out there other
than maybe red dot and sound sir
I don't like silencer rapid fire on them
16 for the simple fact that when you
when you uh when you put on silencer it
kind of takes away a little bit of the
power it feels like and then on top of
that you don't have a red dot so I lose
a lot of accuracy like when I have a red
dot almost all of my bullets are on
target I rarely ever miss a shot with
the m16 I mean there's occasions where I
might come around a corner and the guy
who's strafing with stalker and I'm and
I might miss maybe one burst but other
than that usually my bullets are on
usually my bullets will hit many ways
yeah look at these enemies hiding in the
corner inside the dome so you know what
they're about to do they're about to
catch that wall bang soon as I get
specialist bonus impact proficiency
comes in I take the best advantage of it
so all I do is I stand here try to find
the sweet spot and
all banging had a lot of them look at
this man look at all the hit markers and
then they get painted by recon and
they're getting killed which I also have
hardline Pro with specialist bonus so
that helps work towards my kill Street
right here spawn ends up flipping so I
do the smart thing I get the hell out
the way and that's something you guys
gotta realize whenever the spawn flips
move to a safer position relocate and
swoop back around and then try to push
them back into the area that they rent
when you're using a gun like the m16
especially look at that quad feed when
usually gun like the m16 especially you
don't want the spawn slipping very much
I mean the gun is not good when you have
to mix you know split-second decisions
and turn on people and things of that
nature it's better just to be able being
able to aim down sight during during a
certain area or at a certain area and
during a certain area it's better to aim
your sight on a certain area and that
way you can just sit there and pick
people off with your precision shots
that's where the m16 shines the m16
doesn't shine when you're flanking the
enemy team and it's pretty
self-explanatory except the rebirths
weapon right here I get my Moab and I
know these guys had to be had to be
pissed I think even my teammates were
wall banging them inside this little
dome area usually when I play dome my
objective is to keep them at the B flag
and that way they they spawn inside the
building well there's only two openings
but actually sometimes I do like when
they spawn a because they spawn in this
dome area and it's really hard it's
really hard for them to kill you because
they have low ground and you have high
ground advantage like this right here I
mean they have to actually shoot up
towards you and you can just shoot down
on top of them but anyways hope you guys
enjoyed this subscribe if you haven't
already and as always guys thank you for
watching drop a like if you enjoyed this
peace out